gh-70280: allow using custom sys.displayhook's with doctest (#111871)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-04-27-08-36-50.bpo-26092.1qLzp5.rst

> Allow using custom sys.displayhook's with doctest.  Patch by Sergey B

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow using custom :attr:`sys.displayhook` with doctest.  Patch by Sergey B
```

Author: It's function.
